index.md, before:

---
layout: home
subtitle: '"Perhaps most important, we need to keep saying to anyone out there who has ever been assaulted:  you are not alone. <br>We have your back.  I’ve got your back."<em class="citation">President Barack Obama, January 22, 2014</em>'
description: Sexual assault resources and information for students, schools, and advocates.
permalink: /
---

<div class="top-message">
NotAlone.gov includes information for students, schools, and anyone interested in finding resources on how to respond to and prevent sexual assault. 

Click below to find a crisis service, learn more about students' rights, identify schools' obligations to protect students from sexual assault, understand how to file a complaint with the federal government, and view a map of resolved school-level enforcement activities.

Throughout this website the term, “school” refers to all public educational
institutions and all schools that receive federal funds, including
elementary and secondary schools (both traditional and charter), school
districts, colleges, and universities. Sections of the website that are
only applicable at the postsecondary or elementary and secondary school
level add clarifying information.

NotAlone was launched in connection with the White House Task Force to
Protect Students from Sexual Assault. The Task Force was established on
January 22, 2014 – and since then, thousands of people have shared their
stories and ideas about how best to eliminate sexual assault in schools. [On
April 29, 2014, we released our first report, which can be viewed here](https://www.notalone.gov/assets/report.pdf).

{::nomarkdown}
<a class="btn action" href="#find-box">Explore</a>
{:/}
</div>

{% include find-box.html %}

<div id="tools">
{% include section-box.html title="FIND A CRISIS SERVICE" url="/resources/#find-a-service-near-you" image="find-a-service.png" text="Locate services and resources in your area to get support if you or someone you know is in a crisis situation." class="find-a-service" %}

{% include section-box.html title="Know Your Rights" url="/students/#know-your-rights" image="know-your-rights.png" text="Learn about your rights, as a student, under federal law and your school's responsibility to respond to sexual violence." class="know-your-rights" %}

{% include section-box.html title="How to File a Complaint" url="/students/#how-do-i-file-a-complaint-about-my-school-and-then-what-happens" image="file-a-complaint.png" text="Learn more about filing a complaint against your school." class="file-a-complaint" %}

{% include section-box.html title="School-by-School Enforcement Map" url="/data/#school-by-school-enforcement-map" image="enforcement-map.png" text="View resolution agreements and compliance reports by the U.S. Departments of Education and Justice evaluating institutions' compliance with Title IX, Title IV, and the Clery Act." class="track-reports" %}

{% include section-box.html title="CHANGING OUR CAMPUS CULTURE" url="http://www.changingourcampus.org/" image="change-your-campus.png" text="An Online Resource to Address Sexual Assault, Domestic Violence, Dating Violence and Stalking (The Center) is supported by the Department of Justice's Office on Violence Against Women in collaboration with its designated Campus Program Technical Assistance Provider Team. This comprehensive online clearinghouse provides important resources for colleges and universities on sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking." class="changing-our-campus" %}
</div>

<div class="top-message">

</div>
<br>
<br>

## Public Service Announcement
<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 30px; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; height: auto; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style>
<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/xLdElcv5qqc' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><br /><br />
<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/wNMZo31LziM' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><br /><br />
<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/XXox6ma1gtE' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><br /><br />
<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/sTHNAwCU-bk' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><br /><br />

Commit message:

Adds the final task force guide for sep 2015

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
subtitle: '"Perhaps most important, we need to keep saying to anyone out there who has ever been assaulted:  you are not alone. <br>We have your back.  I’ve got your back."<em class="citation">President Barack Obama, January 22, 2014</em>'
description: Sexual assault resources and information for students, schools, and advocates.
permalink: /
---

<div class="top-message">
NotAlone.gov includes information for students, schools, and anyone interested in finding resources on how to respond to and prevent sexual assault.

Click below to find a crisis service, learn more about students' rights, identify schools' obligations to protect students from sexual assault, understand how to file a complaint with the federal government, and view a map of resolved school-level enforcement activities.

Throughout this website the term, “school” refers to all public educational
institutions and all schools that receive federal funds, including
elementary and secondary schools (both traditional and charter), school
districts, colleges, and universities. Sections of the website that are
only applicable at the postsecondary or elementary and secondary school
level add clarifying information.

NotAlone was launched in connection with the White House Task Force to
Protect Students from Sexual Assault. The Task Force was established on
January 22, 2014 – and since then, thousands of people have shared their
stories and ideas about how best to eliminate sexual assault in schools. [On
April 29, 2014, we released our first report, which can be viewed here](https://www.notalone.gov/assets/report.pdf).

On September 17, 2015, we released a [Resource Guide](https://www.notalone.gov/assets/task-force-resource-guide-sep-15.pdf) to support the efforts of students, faculty, administrators, and communities around the country to prevent and improve the response to sexual violence at colleges and universities. [This guide](https://www.notalone.gov/assets/task-force-resource-guide-sep-15.pdf) includes links to Task Force deliverables as well as other federal and non-federal guidance and tools.

{::nomarkdown}
<a class="btn action" href="#find-box">Explore</a>
{:/}
</div>

{% include find-box.html %}

<div id="tools">
{% include section-box.html title="FIND A CRISIS SERVICE" url="/resources/#find-a-service-near-you" image="find-a-service.png" text="Locate services and resources in your area to get support if you or someone you know is in a crisis situation." class="find-a-service" %}

{% include section-box.html title="Know Your Rights" url="/students/#know-your-rights" image="know-your-rights.png" text="Learn about your rights, as a student, under federal law and your school's responsibility to respond to sexual violence." class="know-your-rights" %}

{% include section-box.html title="How to File a Complaint" url="/students/#how-do-i-file-a-complaint-about-my-school-and-then-what-happens" image="file-a-complaint.png" text="Learn more about filing a complaint against your school." class="file-a-complaint" %}

{% include section-box.html title="School-by-School Enforcement Map" url="/data/#school-by-school-enforcement-map" image="enforcement-map.png" text="View resolution agreements and compliance reports by the U.S. Departments of Education and Justice evaluating institutions' compliance with Title IX, Title IV, and the Clery Act." class="track-reports" %}

{% include section-box.html title="CHANGING OUR CAMPUS CULTURE" url="http://www.changingourcampus.org/" image="change-your-campus.png" text="An Online Resource to Address Sexual Assault, Domestic Violence, Dating Violence and Stalking (The Center) is supported by the Department of Justice's Office on Violence Against Women in collaboration with its designated Campus Program Technical Assistance Provider Team. This comprehensive online clearinghouse provides important resources for colleges and universities on sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking." class="changing-our-campus" %}
</div>

<div class="top-message">

</div>
<br>
<br>

## Public Service Announcement
<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 30px; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; height: auto; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style>
<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/xLdElcv5qqc' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><br /><br />
<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/wNMZo31LziM' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><br /><br />
<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/XXox6ma1gtE' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><br /><br />
<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/sTHNAwCU-bk' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><br /><br />
